                    TASK - 2
	WRITE A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BROWSER JS(CONSOLE)  AND NODEJS:
	
	BROWSER JS(CONSOLE)
	1."Window" are predefined function that has function and attributes to deal with has been dawn.
	2."location" are predegined object in browser that has all the information about the url we have loaded.
	3.documents are predefined global variable in browser has the HTML which is rendered.
	4. Browser may have an object name global variable but it will be the exact one as window.
	5.browser don't have require predefined may include in your app for asynchronous file loading.
	Moduling is not mandatory in client side javascript i.e. in browsers.
	
	NODEJS
	1.Node doesn't have a predefined "window" object cause it doesn't have a window to draw anything.
	2.Location object specific to paticular url,that means page specfic, node doesn't require that.
	3.Node js does not have document object cause it never rebdered anything in page.
	4.Global are predefined in nodes.but doesn't available in browser it need a server side work only.
	5.Require object is predefined in node is used to include module in app. 
	in node everything in module. you must keep code inside the module.
	
	
	code:      typeof(1)
    answer:    'number'
	reason:     the data type for 1 is number.inside the brakect the value is return in number.
    
	code:       typeof(1.1)
    answer:     'number'
	reason:     the data type of 1.1 is float because the number return in decimal value its float value.
	
    code:       typeof('1.1')
    answer:     'string'
	reason:     the data type '1.1' is string the value in brakect is return in single quotation. normally string will be denoted in single or double quotation.
	
	
    code:       typeof(true)
    answer:     'boolean'
    reason:     the data type of true is boolean.boolean has two things true and false.
	
	
    code:       typeof(null)
    answer:     'object'
	reason:     its a weird thing null is an object in javascript.
	
	
    code:       typeof(undefined)
    answer:     'undefined'
	reason:     the is nothing in brakect so its undefined.
	
	
    code:       typeof([])
    answer:     'object'
	reason:     the square brakect is consider as object in javascript. and inside the value is also consider as object.
	
	
    code:      typeof({})
    answer:    'object'
	reason:    the curly brakect is consider as object.
	
	
    code:      typeof(NaN)
    answer:    'number'
	
	
	SUMMARY HOW DOES BROWSER ACTUALLY RENDER A WEBSITE:
	
	1.high level view
	2.in depth view
	3.performance view
	
	
	a) in high level view: using html
      html is forgiving nature,can be halted,parsing isn't straight forward.
      remember xhtml strict- it give error 
                             dynamic content
     tokenizer :
        tags <tagname>
        close tag</tagname>
       
      in html it include body tag,paragraphtag everything tokenizer is full of html format.
     speculative parsing include script image link href tag   
    
    b) css parsing:
       it make color full to web browser it we block it it inly give content css make attractive in childern too.
       we all know it contain color and style. in CSSOM
       EG:WIKIPEDIA if you see it the uses of color fonts,styles and html tag make it more attractive.
 
    c) performance view:
         the output in visual. it has may layer to give the good website

    in this video they say about how a website inside it created if you want to know more about in practical go to any webside do right click and source then choose css 
     then block the things refresh the page and see how css made to cover page.if any one is not there the page will me less attractive.	